Delusions used to moisten my throat, but my whining clogged it up and choked me.
Those days were spoiled by peace, but I’ve filled them up with you so skillfully.
Inside this mud-caked box, I was just waiting for you to come.
With my left hand that’s dyed blue, I was always tracing over the false image’s outline. However—

At the ruins of the cold night,
The gems of floating bubbles
Left my emotions and fingers behind
And forestalled me, dashing for you. 

I wanna
Kick away my drawbacks, crumble at the signal,
And fall so deeply in love once again.
A record high is being re-re-constructed;
Just what on earth is going on here?!
Absolutely, everlastingly, through and through,
You’ll share your lot with this drowned corpse.
Predilection, platonic love, object sexuality.
Any and everything, yes, in every way,
I had believed in it, but I wound up deceased anyway.

I used the throat with no vocal cords to drown all the complaints out.
(This is what the ordinary, tragic, secret love has been reduced to.)
Inside this mud-caked box, I ruminated about your voice.
(Surely it won’t get out of my brain. It can’t go much beyond my daydream.)

Unhealable, U & I.
You aren’t around.
Unquenchable, unspeakable—
More dead than alive, I endure it.
“Why don’t you try to be alive and protect your dominant hand?”
Just cut out that fancy talk; you’re not helping! 

Alright, traps!
“Gradually, terribly, your heart’ll get filthy, destroying your future!”? As i
Plain and simple; how bloody that lie is!
Fragile feelings will only float up.
Absolutely, everlastingly, through and through,
I’m impatiently waiting and begging.
Switch to the offensive, and there’ll be a pitch-black end! 

I love you!
They jinxed it! Don’t miss the chance.
Recapture war, it needs accomplishing.
I said to you once, “just wait there.”
Relationship-related, snow-white, brand-new.
Kick away my drawbacks, drown at the signal!
I’ll steal you, get you, totally into you!
Hm? What? Aah, okay, now I got it.
Temperature, pulsation, emotions—I feel
Definitely nothing now, so it was a misunderstanding, huh?

I had believed in it, but I wound up deceased anyway, huh!